Take an embarrassing selfie and post it as your profile picture.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
Fill your mouth with water, and each person in the group must tell the funniest joke they know. If you spit up the water, you have to eat a spoonful of dirt.
Go next door with a measuring cup and ask for a cup of sugar.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in you nose and leave it there for 5 minutes.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and like every post on their wall going back to a year.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Lick a car tire.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
I dare you to tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can hear you.
Call your crush.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Talk to a pillow like it’s your crush.
Pretend you’re a bird and eat cereal off the floor using only your mouth.
Make out with your hand.
Let someone else style your hair and keep it that way for the rest of the day.
Use a brush like you’re talking into a microphone each time you speak.
Color one of your front teeth black. (Eyeliner works!)
Pick your friend’s nose.
Lick the bottom of your shoe.
Fake cry.
Make repulsive sounds while eating and drinking.
Cross your eyes when talking.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Act like an animal of the group’s choosing.
Get into a debate with a wall.
Squirt your face with a squirt gun continuously while talking.
See how many grapes you can stuff in your mouth.
Hiccup in between each word.
Burp the alphabet.
Draw on your face with permanent marker.
Dip your sock-covered feet in the toilet and don't dry it off for the rest of the game.
Dump a bunch of legos on the floor and walk over it with your bare feet.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Jump into a dumpster.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under it, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Eat a raw egg.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Let the group choose 3 random things from the refrigerator an dmix it together. Then you have to eat it.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Run around outside yelling, “I have lice!”
Go on Facebook live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Call a 7-Eleven and ask if they’re open.
Stand in the back yard and yell at the top of your lungs, “Nooooo! I was adopted!”
Go outside in the driveway and do the disco without music.
Call a car part store and tell them that you need a part for your Model T.
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online.
Sniff everyone’s feet and rank them in order of freshest to stinkiest.
Call a NY-style pizza place and ask them what the difference is between NY pizza and “real” pizza.
Open your front door and loudly sing “Hallelujah!”
Go outside and pretend you're cutting the grass with an invisible mower.
Call a pizza place and ask if they use cruelty-free wheat in their dough.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a girlfriend in a very panicked voice.
Take a plate of leftovers over to your neighbor, knock on their door, and say, "Welcome to the neighborhood" as if you'd never known them before.
Wear you underwear over your pants for the rest of the game.
Call the library and ask if they carry a dictionary that translates British to American.
Send a Snapchat of you pretending to cry because you just found out you were adopted.
Go on Facebook and write "How do you spell facebook?" as your status.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Go outside and hug a mailbox until at least three passersby have seen you.
Go outside and try to summon the rain.
Pick the nose of the person next to you.
Single the Star Spangled Banner in a British accent.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Call and random number, and when someone picks up, immediately start singing the National Anthem.
Call Target and ask them if they deliver popcorn.
Call Macdonald's and ask if they sell Whoppers.
Call pizza shop and ask if you can return a pizza.
Call a car dealership and ask if they have any horse buggies in stock.
Text someone “hey.” Every time they respond say, “hey.” Do this ten times and on the eleventh, reply with “hi.”
Change your relationship status on Facebook to complicated.
Call Macy's and tell them you're interested in buying them.
Everything you say for the rest of the game has to rhyme.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Call a random number and sing "Happy Birthday."
Call a Chinese restaurant and ask if they have sushi.
Draw a tattoo with marker on your bicep.
Give yourself a mohawk.
Shave off all the hair on one leg.
Put all of your clothes on backwards.
Hold hands with the person next to you.
Let everyone look through your search history for 2 minutes.
Send a romantic text message to a girl of the group's choosing.
Wear lipstick for the rest of the game.
Eat 10 Oreo cookies that are filled with mayo.
Pluck a single nose hair.
Eat a spoonful of wasabi.
Exchange shirts with the player to your right.
Lick peanut butter off of someone's armpit.
Kiss the person to your right on the back of their neck.
Eat a handful of uncooked rice.
Call a random guy and flirt with him in a girly voice.
Lick the toilet seat.
Tie your shirt up to expose your midriff and twerk.
Take a picture of yourself next to bra and post in on Instagram.
Write on Facebook: "I'm a size 36 C."
Color your teeth with lipstick.
Wear women's clothing and walk down the street. Then take a selfie and post it to your social media accounts.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Knock on your neighbor's door and ask if they have a spare condom.
Wet your socks and freeze them.
Coat your hands in food coloring and don’t wash them off for 10 minutes.
Post something embarrassing on Facebook for 1 minute, then delete it.
Skype/Facetime someone and pick your nose during conversation.
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
For the rest of the game you can't say "I".
Walk like a crab for the rest of the game.
Cover your whole face in blush.
Eat a spoonful of sugar and act like you're really hyper.
Call a random girl from your class and tell her you want to break up.
Drink a soda and belch as loud as possible.
Mix orange juice and milk and drink it.
Bite all of your toenails off.
Put on mascara.
Snapchat a picture of your elbow and caption it: "My favorite part of my body."
Make up a wrap about koalas.